Update v4 docs to Pester v4.10.1 (#18)
fflaten/docs: versioned_docs/version-v4/commands/Setup.mdx

---
id: Setup
title: Setup

> description: Help for Pester command 'Setup'. {{ Fill in the Synopsis }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Help for Pester command 'Setup'. This command is included in the Pester Mocking framework for backwards compatibility. You do not need to call it directly.
```

custom_edit_url: null
---

:::info This page was generated
Contributions are welcome in [Pester-repo](https://github.com/pester/pester).
:::

## SYNOPSIS

> \{\{ Fill in the Synopsis \}\}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is included in the Pester Mocking framework for backwards compatibility.
You do not need to call it directly
```
